[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] The year is 1889.
While at the World Exposition,
young Jean was smitten
with a young girl named Nadia.
Jean helped his new friend
escape from jewel thieves
who were after
her gem, the Blue Water.
Their adventure continued
on the waves
aboard an American
battleship
that hunted sea monsters.
Later, they were on
the submarine Nautilus
with Captain Nemo
and witnessed
an undersea battle.
After leaving the Nautilus,
they were shot down over
a strange island
where they met a new friend,
the young Marie.
However, the island
was under the control
of an evil organization
called the Neo Atlanteans.
Former enemies became allies
in order to escape the clutches
of this terrible group
and their vile leader, Gargoyle.
Their escape
would have been foiled
if not for the last-minute
intervention of Nemo and
his wonderful machine.
Gargoyle fought back
with his fearsome weapon,
the Tower of Babel.
But it destroyed
his compound instead.
What is
the secret of Blue Water?
[rumbling]
Those poor islanders.
Will they survive this?
Of course. I saw them
gathering on the beach.
And now that Gargoyle's gone,
they'll be able to rebuild
their homeland in freedom.
Good. New life, new times.
[chuckles]
[Sanson] Hey, Jean.
-Huh?
What are you doing up here?
We need your help.
-With what?
-The Katherine got badly damaged
and is taking on water.
My Gratan is sinking.
-Won't somebody save my baby?
-Huh?
All this because
we came to save you. [sneezes]
M-Me, I have a cold.
Hmm, ah. I know. We can
ask the Nautilus for assistance.
[all] Nati what?
That's the name of the submarine
that rescued us back there.
-[sighs]
-[Electra] Captain,
the radio room just intercepted
an SOS message
from that bizarre little ship.
-Read it.
-Aye.
"Yoo-hoo, save us pretty please,
love Grandis."
-That's what it says.
-Bring them aboard.
-Are you sure?
-I am.
They put up a good fight against
Gargoyle and the Neo Atlanteans.
We should reward them for that.
I'll notify the loading crew.
[Morse code beeping]
[gasps] They're
going to help us.
[all] Yes! Yes!
-[laughing]
-I'll get a tour this time.
I don't like this. But why?
-[Grandis sneezing]
-What a giant boat.
-You can say that again. Whoa.
-Sure can.
I had no idea that a submersible
of this size even existed.
It's beyond modern science.
[squeals] I can't wait
to get onboard. Huh?
What is wrong?
You don't look happy.
No. I'm frightened
of this ship.
Oh.
[Electra] Maneuver your vessel
to our aft.
We will collect you there.
-Huh?
-Gee, how odd.
[screaming]
[tense music playing]
Sir, the castaways
have been brought aboard.
Good.
Captain Nemo, I have my
final damage report for you.
All is sound,
but the automatic hydrogen line
and the magnetic field system
need immediate attention.
And how long
will it take you to repair them?
I'll need 48 hours.
Oh. Any chance
you can shorten that?
If he says he needs 48 hours,
then we will give him 48 hours
so we can make sure the repairs
are done properly and well.
Aye. I've already switched
all circuits over
to reserve power, sir.
I see. That means our movements
are severely restricted.
-It can't be helped, sir.
-I know you're doing your best,
but I hope an emergency
does not present itself
before you're finished.
My sentiments exactly, sir.
Well, you best get started.
Aye.
Sir, the crew and I heartily
regret that Gargoyle escaped.
Only for the moment.
I'll never give up my pursuit.
Every single sailor aboard
the Nautilus feels
just as you do, Captain.
The crew of that strange tank is
in aft dock. What shall we do?
Give them the best care possible
and tend to the injured.
I'll leave it in your hands.
However, we--
We can't afford to have
outsiders
roaming around the ship,
so when their vessel
is repaired,
give them plenty of
food and water
and send them on their way.
That's what you
were going to say, right?
Mmm.
[quirky music playing]
[sneezes]
No one taught
them their manners.
They haul in the Katherine and
leave us to catch cold in here.
That isn't right.
I am glad they rescued us,
but they do seem a tad
unfriendly, right?
Hmm. Well, at least those two
are having a good time.
Hmm.
They did this without rivets.
How on Earth do you think they
joined the seams together, huh?
Like I said, this whole ship
is one big scientific wonder.
And we're going to be on it
for some time.
[both] We're so
lucky, aren't we?
-Hmm?
-Huh?
[cries]
This is a door?
Yes. It's
opened by itself before.
-[gasps]
-Ah.
Hello, Electra.
Oh, it's you again, Jean.
-Huh?
-[laughs]
Welcome aboard our ship.
Make yourselves at home.
[Marie gasps]
Mm-hmm.
-Excuse me, I--
-Stay there.
On behalf of my friends,
I want to thank you
for rescuing us, dear lady.
Oh.
Introductions
first. This is Hanson,
-my personal assistant.
-What? Assistant?
The lady over there
is Mademoiselle Grandis Granva.
She's our fearless leader.
My name is Sanson, of course,
and I am at your service.
-I would just like to say--
-Sanson!
You do not have to
identify yourself
to someone wearing a mask.
She's quite right. My apologies.
I am First Officer Electra,
at your service.
[gasps]
Hmph.
Jean and Nadia,
what an unexpected surprise.
Yes. We're glad too.
Oh, who's that?
Her name is Marie.
We met her on the island.
And where are her parents?
Gargoyle's soldiers got to them.
Oh.
You are now under the protection
of the Nautilus.
We will prepare rooms for you
and see to your needs.
In return,
we ask that you do not
move about the ship unescorted.
[sneezes]
Are you well?
No. Your miserable ship
has given me a cold.
Oh, how dreadful.
I'll send for the doctor.
Everyone, please follow me.
He told you that he knew things
about your past, Nadia?
Yes. That's not all.
He called that weapon,
the Tower of Babel.
I wonder why he would name a
weapon after an old Bible story.
I don't know
anything about the Bible.
But he also kept referring
to the Orihalcon.
The Orihalcon?
Just a moment.
That's what they called
the glass block in the tower.
It appeared to be
very much like the Blue Water.
-Really?
-Yes.
So there must be some sort of
secret connection at work here.
And maybe
the Nautilus is part of it.
So, Hanson, any luck so far?
The lock seems to be controlled
electrically or magnetically.
I can't tell.
It's incredible.
But too advanced for my hairpin.
I'll leave this one
up to you this time.
I have no idea
how to get us out.
Brute strength won't work.
[groans] I give up!
-[panting]
-Oh, well.
[sighs]
You think Grandis is okay?
The doctor said
she just had a common cold.
-Good. Let's go visit her.
-But how do we get out?
We'll ask them to
open the door.
But how?
Don't be stupid.
They're listening
in on us right now.
You've got a point there.
Hmm, found you.
Excuse me! We would like to see
Ms. Granva right now!
Please.
[Electra] But of course
you may see her.
-Huh? Way to go.
-Huh? We did it.
[grunts]
[sighs] Ms. Granva?
Doctor, will she recover?
If-if anything happens to
her, I swear--
Don't you worry.
The medication will have her on
her feet by tomorrow morning.
-Huh?
-She'll recover in one day?
-[laughs]
-It... It must be magic.
No. It's just good science.
This ship, it's incredible.
[tools crackling]
[Captain Nemo] How are
the repairs progressing,
First Officer?
[Electra] Fine.
They're on schedule
and will be completed
by early morning.
[Captain Nemo] Any
intercepted messages
-from the Neo Atlanteans?
-[Electra] No, sir.
Well, I'm afraid that the loss
of their command center
will only cause them
to find better hiding places.
Captain, why don't you try
to get some rest now?
No. I'll stay here.
What you really mean to say
is that you refuse to sleep
while the rest of
your crew is working.
First Officer,
sometimes you speak too freely.
Yes. I have a bit of a surprise
for you, sir.
Those children were
brought aboard with the tank.
Children?
Ah. The ones
who had the aeroplane.
I very much regret
my decision
to send them away to
that island.
I did not realize
Gargoyle was there.
Will you at least meet them
this time, sir?
I have no need to do that.
Is that so?
[snoring]
Where--Where will I be
traveling to this time?
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[Electra] All
repairs are complete, sir.
Thank you.
You should get some rest now.
Oh. I'll be just fine.
The medical officer wants you
to know
that Ms. Granva has
awakened, sir.
I see.
Ugh, what is this?
They say it's milk.
[sniffs]
It's has a strange,
tangy flavor. Ugh.
It's supposed to be
loaded with nutrients.
[Grandis]
What kind of milk is it?
It's whale's milk, ma'am.
Really? Do they honestly expect
a well-bred lady like myself
-to drink milk from a whale?
-Huh?
Pardon us, good woman.
I might. Who are you? Huh?
I am the captain
of this mighty submarine,
and you may call me Nemo.
-Uh, huh?
-Huh?
We won't be staying long, miss.
-You won't?
-No, I just wanted to see
if you're feeling better.
Yes, thanks to your tremendous
kindness and generosity.
That's good to hear.
We are prepared to restore
your peculiar vessel
to full operational status.
When it is seaworthy,
you are free to depart
whenever you like.
Oh, we'd be glad to make
those repairs ourselves.
Very well, then.
If you'll excuse us, good lady.
One moment.
Tell me your name again.
Nemo. Good day.
Nemo, Captain Nemo.
-Uh...
-Uh-huh.
[Sanson] What was
going on back there?
-Huh?
-Did you see it?
-Such odd behavior.
-It was?
Yes, I've seen that look
many times before.
Do you think--
-She's falling in love again!
[groaning]
She can be such
a headache sometimes.
[Hanson] Yup.
She falls
for any older gentleman.
[Hanson] Yeah.
What's so
appealing about old men?
-[Hanson] You said it.
-Huh?
-I won't stand for it.
-Uh-huh.
[sighs] Look, Hanson, fix this
thing as quickly as possible.
-Why?
-Don't you see?
We need to leave this
ship immediately.
We do?
Of course! We must get her away
from that oily Captain Nemo.
-Well--
-Well? Well what?
It's just there's so much
to learn around here.
Listen here. These fellas are
in the middle of a raging battle
with that monster Gargoyle
and his soldiers.
You don't want to get killed
for hanging around here, do you?
Nah, Electra
wouldn't let that happen.
[gasps]
Agh! You always go mooning
over any pretty lass.
No, I do not.
So, who do
you think is prettier?
Electra or Grandis, huh?
Uh, I don't know.
-What's that? Speak up, boy.
-I guess it's--
-It's who?
-Grandis.
Then you're going to assist me
with my plan
to get off of this ship, right?
-Mm-hmm.
-Good boy.
[sighs]
[Sanson]
Well, let's get started
-right away, Hanson.
-[Hanson] Right.
[Jean] Say, Nadia,
why don't we go pay a little
visit to Grandis?
-Why should we?
They turned out
to be pretty good people.
Those three helped
rescue the three of you
from Gargoyle and his minions.
And so now were
supposed to trust them, right?
Uh, but, of course.
They have earned it.
They saved me so
they could steal my Blue Water,
and that's the only reason
they did it, Jean.
-Oh, I don't know.
-I do.
But I was with them
for a very long time,
and the Blue Water
didn't light up even once.
Then, it was broken.
That doesn't seem very likely,
does it, huh?
The Blue Water probably
only lights up like that
when I'm wearing it.
Well, I guess you are right.
[sneezes]
-I think King's feeling poorly.
-It must be a cold.
-Poor guy.
-You'll be all right, King.
Open wide, dearest. Good boy.
Oh, no. It's all swollen.
-What should we do?
-The doctor can make him well.
-Of course.
-I just know he can.
-Good idea. Thanks a lot, Marie.
-[chuckles]
We should get him an appointment
right away.
We could look in on Grandis
while we are at it.
I'm only worried about King.
[sighs]
We're going to go in there
and convince her
that she needs
to leave this ship.
-Yes, but--
-It always ends up
with either her getting
tired of him or him dumping her,
so it's not going
to work out anyway.
It's best she get away from Nemo
as quickly as she can.
Right.
[sneezes]
Can a human
catch a cold from a lion?
Hmm.
-Huh?
-[Jean] Hi.
What are
you doing out and about?
It looks like King caught
a nasty little cold,
and we--we want
to look in on Grandis.
Oh, how cute. That's
so very thoughtful of you,
but why don't you wait out here
for a while?
We have very important business
to discuss.
Our business is important too.
The Blue Water
is not lighting up, Nadia.
That's because Grandis
isn't here
to try and steal it from me.
You two shouldn't quarrel
about things like that.
You can just butt out now.
-Stop bickering.
-[gasps]
[mellow music playing]
Wow.
Please, we need to learn
to get along with each other.
Nadia, I'm so sorry
we treated you the way we did.
That's right. You won't have
to worry about us anymore.
-Hanson, Sanson?
-[both] Yeah?
I have decided that we should
remain on this wonderful ship
-for a little while longer.
-[groans]
There's much to do,
so if you'll please excuse me.
Bye.
[sighs]
[Sanson]
It's-It's worse than I thought.
She's in love... real bad.
[Grandis] Come along, boys.
-Yes, ma'am.
[grunts] What happened?
[whimpers]
Now, this isn't
going to hurt at all.
[sobbing]
[King growls]
Now, that wasn't so bad.
You'll feel much better.
[King grumbles]
Sorry, King.
-Come here, Kingy.
-[purrs]
[chuckles]
Oh, why are you here?
-Well, we were go--
-Hmm?
Captain Nemo, this is Jean,
-the aeroplane pilot.
-Hmm.
It's--It's a pleasure
to meet you, Commander,
and thank you for rescuing
my friends and me.
We--I...
-[Captain Nemo] Jean, is it?
-Yes, sir.
Do not call me "Commander."
This is not a ship of war.
[gasps] I--Of course.
I'm terribly sorry, sir.
Good. Carry on.
Captain, I would also like you
to meet Marie, King, and Nadia.
Hmm?
[pensive music playing]
[Captain Nemo]
Nadia, it couldn't be.
Do not wander around the
corridors without permission.
[Jean] He is just
as I imagined him.
What a powerful man he is.
He is the consummate
sailor, isn't he?
Wouldn't you agree, Nadia?
Uh, Nadia?
Huh? What did you say?
[Jean] Is something wrong?
[sighs] It's nothing.
[Marie] Nadia?
-[Nadia] Huh?
-Do you have a cold?
Mm-mmm.
No, I'm okay.
[sighs] It's nothing.
[King snores]
[organ playing]
[organ continues]
That's noisy. What is it?
It sounds like church to me.
[organ continues]
Mother.
[organ playing]
[Electra] No, you mustn't.
[gasps] Huh?
Nadia? What do you think
you're doing here?
When I--When I heard this music,
I--I thought I heard my...
mother calling me.
Please, Nadia, wake up.
I...
Captain Nemo is the one
playing that music, Nadia.
Now go back to bed.
Captain Nemo?
Yes. That hatch
leads to his cabin,
but no one is ever allowed
to enter there.
[organ playing]
[sighs]
[organ ends]
[singing in Japanese]